[No QA] Add UK/EU Expensify Card PIN management help docs (#89154)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/Manage-Your-Expensify-Card-PIN.md

---
title: Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)

> description: Learn how to set, view, change, and unblock the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.
> keywords: [Expensify Card, PIN, GBP, EUR, UK, EU, set PIN, change PIN, reveal PIN, card locked, biometrics]
> internalScope: Audience is Expensify cardholders on workspaces set to GBP or EUR currency. Covers PIN setup, reveal, change, and unblock workflows. Does not cover US card management or virtual cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set, view, and change the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.
keywords: [Expensify Card, PIN, GBP, EUR, UK, EU, set PIN, change PIN, reveal PIN, card locked, biometrics]
internalScope: Audience is Expensify cardholders on workspaces set to GBP or EUR currency. Covers PIN setup, reveal, and change workflows. Does not cover US card management or virtual cards.
```

---
title: Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)

> description: Learn how to set, view, change, and unblock the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.

Reviewer 2: No, we need to remove from the description.

> description: Learn how to set, view, change, and unblock the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.

Reviewer: Unresolving as this was not completed

keywords: [Expensify Card, PIN, GBP, EUR, UK, EU, set PIN, change PIN, reveal PIN, unblock PIN, card locked, biometrics]
---

Physical Expensify Cards issued on the GBP or EUR program have a card PIN that is used for in-person transactions. You can manage your PIN directly in New Expensify. Virtual cards and US Expensify Cards do not have PINs.

All PIN actions require identity verification via biometrics (on mobile) or passkeys (on web/desktop) to comply with European regulations.

---

> # Set your PIN

Reviewer 2: This is a task and "set " is a verb.

---
title: Manage Your Expensify Card PIN (GBP/EUR Cards Only)
description: Learn how to set, view, change, and unblock the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.
keywords: [Expensify Card, PIN, GBP, EUR, UK, EU, set PIN, change PIN, reveal PIN, card locked, biometrics]
internalScope: Audience is Expensify cardholders on workspaces set to GBP or EUR currency. Covers PIN setup, reveal, change, and unblock workflows. Does not cover US card management or virtual cards.
---

> Physical Expensify Cards issued on the GBP or EUR program have a card PIN that is used for in-person transactions. You can manage your PIN directly in New Expensify. Virtual cards and US Expensify Cards do not have PINs.

Reviewer: NAB

```suggestion
Physical Expensify Cards issued on the GBP or EUR program have a PIN that may be used for in-person transactions. You can manage your PIN directly in New Expensify. Virtual cards and US Expensify Cards do not have PINs.
```

> All PIN actions require identity verification via biometrics (on mobile) or passkeys (on web/desktop) to comply with European regulations.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the right term, just noting that UK has regulations too

```suggestion
All PIN actions require identity verification via biometrics (on mobile) or passkeys (on web/desktop) to comply with regional regulations.
```

---

> ## How to activate your Expensify set your Expensify Card PIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to activate your Expensify Card and set your PIN
```

> After your Workspace Admin issues you a physical GBP or EUR Expensify Card, you'll receive a task to provide your shipping address before the card is sent.

Reviewer: NAB

```suggestion
After your Workspace Admin issues you a physical GBP or EUR Expensify Card, you'll be prompted to provide your shipping address before the card is sent.
```

1. In the navigation tabs (on the left on web, on the bottom on mobile), go to **Home**.
2. In the **We need your shipping address** task, click **Add address**.
3. Follow the prompts to enter your personal details and shipping address.
4. On the **Set the PIN for your card** step, enter a 4-digit PIN.
5. Confirm your PIN.

> 6. Review the confirmation page. If you need to make changes, select the masked PIN.

Reviewer: You can make other changes from this page too

```suggestion
6. Review the confirmation page. If you need to make changes, select the relevant field.
```

7. Click **Confirm** and verify your identity using biometrics (on mobile) or a passkey (on web or desktop).

> Your PIN becomes active after you activate your physical Expensify Card.

Reviewer: This is kind of a weird sentence. There are possible alternatives if someone feels strongly about a having a conclusion here, but I would just as soon cut it.

```suggestion
```

---

> ## How to check your Expensify Card PIN

Reviewer: NAB most people are going to "check" their PIN because they forget it, so consider using that terminology here and/or throughout the reveal section

If you need to check your PIN, you can reveal it from the card details page.

1. In navigation tabs (on the left on web, on the bottom on mobile), **Account > Wallet**.
2. Choose **Reveal PIN**.
3. Verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

Your PIN will be displayed on the card details page until you navigate away.

---

## How to change your Expensify Card PIN

You can change your PIN from the card details page. The process depends on your region.

### How to change your PIN in online PIN countries (most of Europe)

1. Go to **Account > Wallet** and select your physical Expensify Card.
2. Tap **Change PIN**.
3. Enter your new 4-digit PIN and confirm it.
4. Verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

You'll see a confirmation page once your PIN is changed.

### How to change your PIN in offline PIN countries (UK, France, Ireland, Finland, Iceland, Israel)

Cardholders in offline PIN countries cannot change their PIN in the app. When you tap **Change PIN**, you'll be directed to change your PIN at any ATM instead.

> Your region is determined by the billing address on your card.

Reviewer: > You can change your PIN from the card details page. The process depends on your region.

This is a bit misleading - you can change your PIN in-app or not based on your region. If you can change your pin in-app at all, the process does not depend on your region.

> (most of Europe)

This is also misleading - it's most of the _world_

> Your region is determined by the billing address on your card.

This is also wrong - it's based on your current physical location (technically, your IP)

I also don't think it's necessary or valuable to introduce the "online" and "offline" terminology to customers - they don't need to know it to understand the functionality, and most people find it pretty confusing.

```suggestion
## How to change your Expensify Card PIN

You can change your PIN from the card details page:

1. Go to **Account > Wallet** and select your physical Expensify Card.
2. Tap **Change PIN**.
3. Enter your new 4-digit PIN and confirm it.
4. Verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

You'll see a confirmation page once your PIN is changed.

Note that if you are physically located in the UK, France, Ireland, Finland, Iceland, or Israel, you cannot change your PIN in-app. When you tap **Change PIN**, you'll be directed to change your PIN at any ATM instead.
```

---

# FAQ

## Which cards have a PIN?

Only physical GBP/EUR Expensify Cards have a PIN. Virtual cards and US Expensify Cards do not.

## What if biometric verification fails?

If verification fails, you'll see a "We couldn't verify you" page. Tap **Got it** to return to the previous screen and try again. If the issue persists, make sure biometrics or a device passcode is enabled in your device settings.

## Can I use my card without a PIN?

> Online transactions use 3D Secure verification instead of a PIN. In-person contactless payments via Apple Pay or Google Pay also do not require a PIN. A PIN is only needed for in-person chip-and-PIN transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Online transactions use 3D Secure verification and will never ask for your PIN. In-person contactless payments also do not require a PIN. A PIN is only required for in-person chip-and-PIN transactions.
```

Apple/Google are not the only type of contactless, tap to pay also doesn't require a PIN. I took out the part about apple & google since we don't support those for ECUK yet. If you wanted to include them, you could say:

> [...] contactless and digital wallet payments

description: Learn how to set, view, change, and unblock the PIN on your UK/EU Expensify Card.
keywords: [Expensify Card, PIN, GBP, EUR, UK, EU, set PIN, change PIN, reveal PIN, unblock PIN, card locked, biometrics]
---

Physical Expensify Cards issued on the GBP or EUR program have a card PIN that is used for in-person transactions. You can manage your PIN directly in New Expensify. Virtual cards and US Expensify Cards do not have PINs.

All PIN actions require identity verification via biometrics (on mobile) or passkeys (on web/desktop) to comply with European regulations.

---

# Set your PIN

When you order a physical GBP/EUR Expensify Card, you'll set a 4-digit PIN as part of the ordering process.

1. Go to **Account > Wallet > Expensify Card** and begin ordering your physical card.
2. On the **Set the PIN for your card** step, enter a 4-digit PIN.
3. Confirm your PIN on the next page.
4. Review the confirmation page — your PIN will be shown as a masked row. Tap it to go back and change it if needed.
5. Tap **Confirm** and verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

Your PIN will be active once the card is activated.

> **Note:** Your PIN cannot be consecutive ascending or descending digits (e.g., 1234) or the same digit repeated four times (e.g., 0000).

Reviewer 3: I would cut this. We throw an error for it in the app. No reason to broadcast certain combos that PINs can't be on the open internet IMO

---

# Reveal your PIN

If you need to check your PIN, you can reveal it from the card details page.

1. Go to **Account > Wallet** and select your physical Expensify Card.
2. Tap **Reveal PIN**.
3. Verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

Your PIN will be displayed on the card details page until you navigate away.

---

# Change your PIN

You can change your PIN from the card details page. The process depends on your region.

## Online PIN countries (most of Europe)

1. Go to **Account > Wallet** and select your physical Expensify Card.
2. Tap **Change PIN**.
3. Enter your new 4-digit PIN and confirm it.
4. Verify your identity via biometrics or passkey.

You'll see a confirmation page once your PIN is changed.

## Offline PIN countries (UK, France, Ireland, Finland, Iceland, Israel)

Cardholders in offline PIN countries cannot change their PIN in the app. When you tap **Change PIN**, you'll be directed to change your PIN at any ATM instead.

Your region is determined by the billing address on your card.

---

> # Unlock your card after a PIN block

Reviewer 3: Let's cut the PIN block section for now. We haven't implemented this part yet and the design is likely changing
